README.md, before:

# Purpose of This Repo

This repo is meant to be used to keep things organized during content development and act as the source of truth for all projects and exercises related to this course.

## Folder Structure

### Lesson Folder

This repo contains a folder for each `lesson` and one `project` folder.

Example
```
lesson-1-hello
lesson-2-world
lesson-3-foo
lesson-4-bar
project
```

Each `lesson` folder is named using the naming convention of `lesson-#-name-of-lesson`.

Example
```
lesson-1-hello
```

Four lesson folders have been provided as a template; However, you may need to add more or possibly use less than four depending on what is needed.

If you require an additional lesson folder, you can make a copy of the folder and paste it into the root directory.

### Exercises Folder

Each `lesson` folder contains an `exercises` folder. This `exercises` folder should contain all files and instructions necessary for the exercises along with the solution. The solutions for these exercises will be shared with students. See the `README` in the `exercises` folder for information about folder structure.

### Project Folder

The `project` folder should contain all files and instructions necessary for setup. If possible, a set of instructions should be provided for both Udacity workspaces and a way to work locally (for both MacOS and Windows OS). At a minimum, one set of instructions should be provided. A `README` template has been provided in the project folder. This template layout should be used to write your README.

Commit message:

Adding Repo for IBM Bookworm

README.md, after:

# AIND: Natural Language Processing

Coding exercises for the Introduction to Natural Language Processing course.

## Setup

You need Python 3.6+, and the packages mentioned in `requirements.txt`. You can install them using:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Data

Data files for exercises are included under `data/`, but some of the NLP libraries require additional data for performing tasks like 
PoS tagging, lemmatization, etc. Specifically, `nltk` will throw an error if the required data is not installed. You can use the 
following Python statement to open the NLTK downloader and select the desired package(s) to install:

```python
nltk.download()
```

You can also download all available NLTK data packages, which includes a number of sample corpora as well, but that may take a while 
(10+GB).

## Run

To run any script file, use:

```bash
python <script.py>
```

To open a notebook, use:

```bash
jupyter notebook <notebook.ipynb>
```

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>. Please refer to [Udacity Terms of Service](https://www.udacity.com/legal) for further information.
